o rajouter l'ascenseur en haut de la pattern entre les fleches

o add a sox interface ???
o add a saturation warning on the main output (l+r)
o add a saturation warning on every effect channel ?
o add a text sample in HTML on the official page
o the FAQ page ???
   o explain what a groovit-Jbox is
   o add a bpm/coffee converter
o check terms size before displaying...
o better handling of xterm resize
o add a fade to silent 
    - very speed for small halts
    - slow one for endings...

o general sounds
   o add a mixer panel
   o check about SOUND_MIXER_BASS and TREBLE settings for accuracy in comparison
     with HiFi CD players...

o controls
   o add a pred and next for TAB handling.....
   o add an explaination for the "no more free controls !!!?" message and a hack for it
   o add a status that says the # of used/free controls/context mem etc....

o fileselect
   o use fnmatch for the regesp matching
   o when coming back from a dir, try to retrieve the last position in DIR...

o alerts
   o missing destructor....

BUGS
   o correct multiple access to an analogic pattern...
   o check special keys in linux-console    (some are added in 1.2.0.24)
   o possibly bugs when 8bits mode and rawing to disk
   o should use ntohl for endianness...
   o when reloading a song, the curpattern seems doomed...

IMPROVEMENTS ASKED

From jd@univ-lyon1.fr Mon Dec 21 17:55:23 1998
Date: Sun, 13 Dec 1998 21:17:29 +0100 (MET)
From: Jean-Daniel Pauget <jd@univ-lyon1.fr>
To: groovit alpha list <groovit-alpha@univ-lyon1.fr>
Subject: Re: improvements (long)

   thanks for all your suggestions about improving groovit.

   here's a global answer :
   (if you answer, please quote the exact and minimal part of this message
    please)

   - (Jim Peters and others) Could we have some kind of RESET button to use
     when all the sequences get out of sync.

     Why not, okay for a resync button that arbitrarly restart voices with
     first tick at the same time as the first tick of drum pattern (when the
     next drum pattern first tick occurs)


   - (Jim Peters and others) pitches on the analogue synths, you could arrange
     a piano-style keyboard on the computer keyboard.

     That's difficult (many keys moves with keyboards' language) but why not.
     First I will make a "scorish" screen for them. (in progress)


   - (Jim Peters) How about having some kind of marker or highlight that shows
     which step of the track is currently being played.

     I can, but because of buffering it will be unaccurate most of the time,
     (like the leds, for example...) but it will give an idea (not urgent in my
     timetable).


   - (Jim Peters) interactive keyboard :

     Groovit isn't really real-time : depending on the buffer size (the play
     ahead question in "make advanced") it has about 0.096s of latency or more.
     musically it's enormous. that's why groovit looks like a sequencer that
     keeps on running and why it's not yet a real soft synth. to come to a soft
     synth I need to map the DMA buffer and have a reliable way to be sure
     having some CPU time at the precise moment I need to. I'm working that way
     but it's far in the timetable.
     strong CPU can try to have small buffers (please experiment !) and thus
     a much more real-time groovit. linuxRT may also be the answer, later !


   - (Jim Peters)  switch around the screen using the keyboard rather than 
     the mouse.

     That's in progress, I aim to do that.


   - (Chris "ramen" Brainerd and others) likes the sequencer in ReBirth

     That's a simple starting point very near from Jim Peters point of vue.
     I might start that way.


   - (Neale Pickett) to decouple the sound-generating part from the interface.

     That's allready done internally. I must check deeply the midi format
     that would be the necessary way of sharing sequence with others, with
     cat, network or midi wires... This will also help (limits ?) designing
     the sequencer.


   - (Neale Pickett) I'll take a look at the code tonight

     Did you ? did you survive my ugly coding ? :)


   - (Paul Winkler) labelling of the sliders on screen

     I will label them so that when focused their names appear somewhere...


   - (Paul Winkler) the number of ticks per pattern to be change-able

     Of course, and the screen would scroll for patterns.


   - (Paul Winkler)  Tcl/TK, Perl/TK, C/GTK+, Java, C/Qt, C/ncurses,
     shell scripts... anything!

     Jean-Charles Delepine told me that users would instantly want to make
     ugly and heavy interfaces when they see groovit :) I should beleive him.
     well why not ?

     
     that's a lot of things to think about, I keep collecting any idea and
     there should be a new release of groovit soon...
     thanks again for your contributions.

   - (Per-Erik Nilsson) going back to the last visited dir in file selection windows.

   - (jodis) Play/stop buttons to save your ears while thinking...
  
 
